This is too big.
I am not dreaming
Oops, you are too amazing.
The second sister is so excited
What's up?
Can't get excited about buying such a big one.
Humph
Hello, I got it.
Hello, then you should hurry up.
It's just us and Miss Shi
What about Miss Shi?
Hey deer
All the blankets you explained last time have been delivered in place.
What do you think of this thing?
Okay, how much did your mother's hair gain?
It's enough to make the train skin
According to the current price estimate
This wave can also protect pigs and earn 300 million
300 million.
Master Wu, you have to earn some money to make up for it
I can't earn it for a few lifetimes
Don't worry, fifth master
Please help me use the money I put up and down last time.
Bring all local light industrial workers
Buy it all
This way you can earn more
You can still make more money.
You, if you have any ideas, just tell me
The boy will execute it immediately.
What do you think?
If this batch of motorcycles is sold
I'm sure a lot of people will want to modify it.
Can you do it again then?
Lord Deer is awesome
Okay, okay.
First, help me modify a motorcycle and send it to me
I am generous
This thing is already very powerful
What's the use of you modifying a car to pick up girls?